Added missing NPCs in rgsr_in (#7488)
rathena/rathena: npc/re/merchants/rgsr_in.txt

			close2;
			item_reform("Thanos_W_Reform_1");
			end;
		case 2:
			mes "[Frasa]";
			mes "Thanos Weapon intermediate modification.";
			mes "^FF0000Smelting level is reduced by 1^000000, but consumes more material.";
			mes "And for mods, the weapon needs +9 or more smelting levels.";
			close2;
			item_reform("Thanos_W_Reform_2");
			end;
		case 3:
			mes "[Frasa]";
			mes "If you need mods, come back.";
			mes "You are welcome any time you help us with our research.";
			close;
		}
		end;
	case 2:
		mes "[Frasa]";
		mes "^0000FFOS Weapons^000000...";
		mes "For modification, the smelting level must be +7 or more.";
		mes "Smelting level does not decrease.";
		mes "Did you bring the stuff?";
		next;
		if (select( "Convert", "Quit" ) == 2) {
			mes "[Frasa]";
			mes "If you need mods, come back.";
			mes "You are welcome any time you help us with our research.";
			close;
		}
		mes "[Frasa]";
		mes "Let's see what you brought.";
		close2;
		item_reform("OS_Weapon_Reform");
		end;
	case 3:
		mes "[Frasa]";
		mes "If you need mods, come back.";
		mes "You are welcome any time you help us with our research.";
		close;
	}
	end;

OnInit:

> 	setunittitle( getnpcid (0), "Team Frasa");

Reviewer: That one had Team "Matnard" for me on kRO.

	end;
}

rgsr_in,115,180,5	script	Armor Researcher#rg02	MD_ED_M_SCIENCE,{
	mes "[Algebra]";
	mes "Oh, at best, we've come here because our team's research is still short on experiments.";
	mes "Next time you get a little more improvement and get the permission, then let's proceed.";
	mes "Okay?";
	npctalk "Grimace.", "", bc_self;
	close;

OnInit:

> 	setunittitle( getnpcid (0), "Team Matnard" );

Reviewer: Its only a guess, but could it be that this should be "Team Mathematik"?
Both NPC names are related to mathematics (Algebra and Torus).

Author: Not sure, it could also be `Atnad` like in the ep15
https://irowiki.org/wiki/To_Phantasmagorika!

	case 1:
		mes "[Grid]";
		mes "Let's see...";
		mes "Now there are these things.";
		next;
		switch( select( "Gemstone refining", "Top ore exchange", "Buy additional ore", "Cancel" ) ) {
		case 1:
			mes "[Grid]";
			mes "Gemstone refining.";
			close2;
			callshop("barter_rgsr_in_1");
			end;
		case 2:
			mes "[Grid]";
			mes "Top ore exchange.";
			close2;
			callshop("barter_rgsr_in_2");
			end;
		case 3:
			mes "[Grid]";
			mes "Don't have enough ore? Then there's something I'm specifically collecting...";
			mes "Do you have a shadow decon?";
			close2;
			callshop("barter_rgsr_in_3");
			end;
		case 4:
			mes "[Grid]";
			mes "If you need anything, come again.";
			close;
		}
		end;
	case 2:
		mes "[Grid]";
		mes "As we see in our research, the materials are very rare. There are adventurers hired by our team, but the material is not comparable to the amount we need.";
		mes "So when the adventurers came with the materials, they decided to provide the corresponding research value.";
		next;
		mes "[Grid]";
		mes "Luckily, we do the research and adventurers who come to us provide materials to use our technology.";

> 		mes "If you want to modify you only need to bring the materials presented.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "If you want to modify something you only need to bring the presented materials.";
```

		next;
		mes "[Grid]";
		mes "You're an adventurer, so you know what that means?";
		close;
	case 3:
		mes "[Grid]";
		mes "If you need anything, come again.";
		close;
	}
}

rgsr_in,137,178,3	script	Accessories Researcher#rg02	MD_ED_M_SCIENCE,{
	mes "[Champ]";

> 	mes "Finally, I talked an adventurer and asked him to confirm his research, is that you?";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	mes "Finally, I talked to an adventurer and asked him to confirm my research, was that you?";
```

	mes "Unfortunately, our team hasn't done enough to get out there yet.";
	next;
	mes "[Champ]";
	mes "It's still incomplete.";

> 	mes "Next time the colon permit falls, we will see then.";

Reviewer: Colon permit?

	close;

OnInit:

> 	setunittitle( getnpcid (0), "Team Zertar");

Reviewer: Its only a guess, but could it be that this should be "Team Werther"?
Part of the word can be found in Johann Wolfang von Goethe's "Die Leiden des jungen Werther (젊은 베르테르의 슬픔)"

Author: Possible!
Maybe I badly wrote it
`setunittitle( getnpcid(0), "팀 제르태르" );`

	end;
}

rgsr_in,136,171,5	script	Special Equipment Researcher#rg02	MD_ED_M_SCIENCE,{
	mes "[Stack]";
	mes "See Team Licht's performance?";
	mes "We're proud of this lab.";
	mes "Which one do you want to modify?";
	mes "Modifiable items are located in <TIPBOX>[List]<INFO>9166</INFO></TIPBOX>.";
	next;
	switch( select( "Non-standard armor", "Non-standard weapon", "Quit" ) ) {
	case 1:
		mes "[Stack]";

> 		mes "^0000FFNon-standard armor^000000, there are lower, intermediate, and upper levels in the modification method.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "^0000FFNon-standard armor^000000, there are Lower, Intermediate, and Upper levels of the modification method.";
```

> 		mes "Non-smelting armor is only capable of advanced modification.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "Non-refineable armor is only capable of Upper modification.";
```

		next;
		switch( select( "Lower mods", "Intermediate mods", "Upper mods", "Quit" ) ) {
		case 1:
			mes "[Stack]";
			mes "Armor Lower Mods? Okay.";

> 			mes "^FF0000Smelting level is reduced by 5^000000, but consumes less material.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "^FF0000Refine level is reduced by 5^000000, but consumes less material.";
```

> 			mes "And for modification, the equipment must have a smelting level of +9 or more.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "And for modification, the equipment must have a refine level of +9 or higher.";
```

			close2;
			item_reform("C_Armor_Reform_1");
			end;
		case 2:
			mes "[Stack]";
			mes "Armor Intermediate Mods? Okay.";

> 			mes "^FF0000Smelting level is reduced by 1^000000, but consumes more material.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "^FF0000Refine level is reduced by 1^000000, but consumes more material.";
```

> 			mes "And for modification, the equipment must have a smelting level of +9 or more.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "And for modification, the equipment must have a refine level of +9 or higher.";
```

			close2;
			item_reform("C_Armor_Reform_2");
			end;
		case 3:
			mes "[Stack]";

> 			mes "Armor Advanced Mods? Okay.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "Armor Upper Mods? Okay.";
```

> 			mes "^FF0000Smelting level increases by 1^000000, but consumes more material.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "^FF0000Refine level increases by 1^000000, but consumes more material.";
```

> 			mes "And for modification, the equipment must have a smelting level of +9 or more.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "And for modification, the equipment must have a refine level of +9 or higher.";
```

> 			mes "^FF0000Non-smelting equipment^000000 can also be granted with advanced modifications, but the smelting level does not increase.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "^FF0000Non-refineable equipment^000000 can also be granted with advanced modifications, but the refine level does not increase.";
```

Reviewer: NOTE: We should check if I implemented item reformation like this in src. I dont remember checking the refineable flag.

			close2;

> 			item_reform("Thanos_Refine_Hammer");	// todo check

Reviewer 2: Should be C_Armor_Reform_3

			end;
		case 4:
			mes "[Stack]";
			mes "Already going?";

> 			mes "We need to see more of our outstanding performance!";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "You need to see more of our outstanding performance!";
```

			close;
		}
	case 2:
		mes "[Stack]";

> 		mes "^0000FFNon-standard weapon^000000, there are lower, intermediate, and upper levels in the modification method.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "^0000FFNon-standard weapon^000000, there are Lower, Intermediate, and Upper levels of the modification method.";
```

		next;
		switch( select( "Lower mods", "Intermediate mods", "Upper mods", "Quit" ) ) {
		case 1:
			mes "[Stack]";
			mes "Weapon Lower Mods? Okay.";

> 			mes "^FF0000Smelting level is reduced by 5^000000, but consumes less material.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "^FF0000Refine level is reduced by 5^000000, but consumes less material.";
```

> 			mes "And for modification, the equipment must have a smelting level of +9 or more.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "And for modification, the equipment must have a refine level of +9 or higher.";
```

			close2;
			item_reform("C_Weapon_Reform_1");
			end;
		case 2:
			mes "[Stack]";
			mes "Weapon Intermediate Mods? Okay.";

> 			mes "^FF0000Smelting level is reduced by 1^000000, but consumes more material.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "^FF0000Refine level is reduced by 1^000000, but consumes more material.";
```

> 			mes "And for modification, the equipment must have a smelting level of +9 or more.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "And for modification, the equipment must have a refine level of +9 or higher.";
```

			close2;
			item_reform("C_Weapon_Reform_2");
			end;
		case 3:
			mes "[Stack]";
			mes "Weapon Advanced Mods? Okay.";

> 			mes "^FF0000Smelting level increases by 1^000000, but consumes more material.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "^FF0000Refine level increases by 1^000000, but consumes more material.";
```

> 			mes "And for modification, the equipment must have a smelting level of +9 or more.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "And for modification, the equipment must have a refine level of +9 or higher.";
```

			close2;
			item_reform("C_Weapon_Reform_3");
			end;
		case 4:
			mes "[Stack]";
			mes "Already going?";

> 			mes "We need to see more of our outstanding performance!";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			mes "You need to see more of our outstanding performance!";
```

			close;
		}
		end;
	case 3:
		mes "[Stack]";
		mes "Already going?";

> 		mes "We need to see more of our outstanding performance!";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		mes "You need to see more of our outstanding performance!";
```

Reviewer: PS: Looks like this block could be reused maybe?

		close;
	}
	end;

OnInit:
	setunittitle( getnpcid (0), "Team Licht");
	end;
}

rgsr_in,128,174,5	script	Director#rg02	1_M_LIBRARYMASTER,{
	mes "[Director]";
	mes "...Come on.";

> 	mes "You may have heard the explanation when you came, but to briefly introduce you to this place, there is still a long way to go. We are working on converting as many weapons, armor, accessories, etc. into something different.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	mes "You may have heard the explanation when you came, but to briefly introduce you to this place, there is still a long way to go. We are working on converting many weapons, armor, accessories, etc. into something different.";
```

	next;
	mes "[Director]";

> 	mes "It is essential to cut the smelting of the equipment to be converted, but it is a labor for greater power.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	mes "It is essential to cut the refine of the equipment to be converted, but it is a labor for greater power.";
```
Maybe cut = reduce? I dont really know...

	next;
	mes "[Director]";
	mes "Research is ongoing, so it is not known when and where something will suddenly be completed and offered to adventurers.";
	mes "It is... As soon as the data is collected, it will be somehow.";
	next;
	mes "[Director]";
	mes "And this time, Team Licht achieved it.";
	mes "If you're interested, check out what research was done.";
	next;
	mes "[Director]";

> 	mes "Everyone likes quiet, so don't talk too loud.";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	mes "Everyone likes it quiet, so don't talk too loud.";
```

	close;
}

rgsr_in,122,160,5	script	Exit Guard#rg01	4_M_LGTGUARD,{
	mes "[Exit guard]";
	mes "Is your service over?";
	mes "^FF0000Return to Lighthalzen^000000?";
	next;

> 	if (select( "Return.", "Work remaining." ) == 2) {

Reviewer: work vs service above.

		mes "[Exit guard]";
		mes "Please tell us at any time when you are finished.";
		close;
	}
	mes "[Exit guard]";
	mes "Let me guide you on the way back.";
	close2;
	warp "lighthalzen",101,156;
	end;
}

rgsr_in,129,160,3	script	Exit Guard#rg02	4_M_LGTGUARD,{
	mes "[Exit guard]";
	mes "Is your service over?";
	mes "^FF0000Return to Item Mall^000000?";
	next;

> 	if (select( "Return.", "Work remaining." ) == 2) {

Reviewer: same as above.
